Unit:

Player			Whether this unit is the player. There should only be one player.
Move_Speed 		Self-explantory.
Max Hp			Self-explantory.
Color			Self-explanatory.



Action:

Key			What key this action is bound to when a child of a player unit. 
			Valid keys are listed under GlobalScope.KeyList, 
			https://docs.godotengine.org/en/3.4/classes/class_@globalscope.html
Arc			Angle of the damage arc in degrees.
Range			Range of the damage arc.
AI Start Range		Maximum range at which the AI will atetempt this move.
AI Weight		Relative chance for AI to pick this move over others.
Combo Actions		A list of actions that can be performed quickly after this one as a combo.
Combo Only		If true, this action can only be performed as the second or later action in a combo.
Dmg			How much damage this attack deals.
Move Speed		Overrides the move speed of the unit for the duration of the action.

Stun, Stun Duration, Guard
When an action is performed the unit's guard is (re)set to the action's guard value.
Every stun damage dealt will reduce this value.
If the value reaches zero and the unit is hit by an attack with stun duration, 
it will cancel its action and be unable to act for the stun duration.
If a unit that is already stunned is stunned again, only the longer duration will be considered.


Phase Times, Phase Flags

An action has one or more phases. 
The phase times array is how many ticks (60ths of a second) each phase lasts.
The phase flags array is what flags are applied to that phase. Each phase can have any of the below flags turned on or off.
Flags:
damage and stun			Damage and stun is applied. A cone appears indicating where the action will hit.
move speed			The unit's move speed is changed to that of the action.
guard				The unit may resist enemy stun if their guard value is high enough.
invincibility			The unit will completely ignore enemy action's damage and stun.
telegraph 			A cone appears indicating where the action will hit.
lock_pos			The action's hitbox will not follow the unit, e.g. for a bomb.
no_rot				The unit will be unable to rotate, making the move easier to dodge.


Colors
Hitbox Border Color and Hitbox Color are both part of the cone when the telegraph flag is applicable.
Damage is part of the cone when the damage and stun flag is aplicable.
